Why we like flat files and the Zen of Python
In PythonLand, there are currently hundreds of Python Enhancement Proposals, commonly referred to as PEPs. PEP8, for example, is a standard style guide for Python, written by our sensei Guido van Rossum himself. It is the basis for how we here at DataCamp ask our instructors to style their code. Another one of my favorites is PEP20, commonly called the Zen of Python. Its abstract is as follows:

Long time Pythoneer Tim Peters succinctly channels the BDFL's guiding principles for Python's design into 20 aphorisms, only 19 of which have been written down.

If you don't know what the acronym BDFL stands for, I suggest that you look here. You can print the Zen of Python in your shell by typing import this into it! You're going to do this now and the 5th aphorism (line) will say something of particular interest.

The question you need to answer is: what is the 5th aphorism of the Zen of Python?

https://github.com/python/peps/blob/main/peps/pep-0020.rst



https://docs.python.org/3.3/glossary.html#term-bdfl


import this

The Zen of Python, by Tim Peters

Beautiful is better than ugly.
Explicit is better than implicit.
Simple is better than complex.
Complex is better than complicated.
Flat is better than nested.
Sparse is better than dense.
Readability counts.
Special cases aren't special enough to break the rules.
Although practicality beats purity.
Errors should never pass silently.
Unless explicitly silenced.
In the face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess.
There should be one-- and preferably only one --obvious way to do it.
Although that way may not be obvious at first unless you're Dutch.
Now is better than never.
Although never is often better than *right* now.
If the implementation is hard to explain, it's a bad idea.
If the implementation is easy to explain, it may be a good idea.
Namespaces are one honking great idea -- let's do more of those!
In [2]:




-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------